[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to
House of Wellbeing.
You are listening to the
"Creativity and Ideas" MindTALK
audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it
does, I'd just like
to remind you that the
following audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to cause deep relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions, where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now, there's
nothing at all you need to do,
apart from close your
eyes, relax, and let go.
And really enjoy these peaceful
feelings and all the benefits
that come with it.
Make yourself as
comfortable as possible,
and concentrate on
the sound of my voice.
And begin by drawing in a
long, slow, deep breath,
in through your nose.
Hold the breath for a moment.
And now, slightly
open your mouth
and release all the
air from your body
in a long, low, deep sigh.
And relax, allowing your
lungs to naturally deflate
as your body sinks into
gentle relaxation now.
And you can release any tension.
Relax and let go as I
guide you through a journey
of relaxation, a journey that
you will find very beneficial
for your overall well-being.
You're going to start
this calming experience
by first relaxing your
whole body-mind system.
And it's true to say that the
simple act of relaxing the body
and mind has a positive knock-on
effect, because how you think
determines how you feel.
And how you feel influences
the world around you.
And how you choose
to think today
affects your decisions
from here on in.
So to make my
assurances your reality,
let's begin by
focusing your attention
at the very top of your head.
Tension often starts at
the scalp and the neck.
So mentally and physically,
allow all the muscles
around the top of your
head to relax now,
letting all the
tension simply dissolve
as you start to tune into
your body-mind system.
Just let any tension you may
be holding to release now.
Allow your brain to relax,
the left and the right
lobes of the brain
just releasing.
Such a simple thought, yet so
profound and so significant.
Just letting go
completely, drifting
further and further down.
Nobody wanting anything.
Nobody needing anything.
This is your time to relax.
Taking the relaxation
into the face
now, allowing all of your
facial muscles to feel loose.
Feel your brow relaxing,
your forehead smoothing out,
and the back of
your eyes relaxing.
Tiny muscles around
your eyes and eyelids,
down into your cheeks and
into your jaw muscles,
just releasing and letting go.
Allowing your
tongue to fall away
from the roof of your mouth.
And should you find you need
to swallow, just do that
now and drift down and
down, deeper and deeper,
into blissful relaxation.
The more you physically
relax, the more
you can mentally relax.
And when you can
mentally relax, you
can think much more clearly.
And when you think more clearly,
your life becomes clearer,
you make better decisions,
and you're much more
in control of your days.
So noticing now how your
neck feels, relaxing
all the little muscles.
Letting go of the strain,
letting go of the tension.
Allow that tension that you
may be holding in your shoulder
to go now.
Feel those shoulders,
both of them,
sinking into the
frame of your body.
Feel your neck lengthen
as you do this.
Feel or imagine all your
cares and worries just
rolling off your shoulders now
as you take the relaxation down
now into the tops of your
arms, letting any tension you
may be holding just drain away.
And as your awareness floats
down through your upper arms,
into your elbows.
All the muscles in your
forearms relax, right down
to your wrists and
into your hands,
and way down into the very tips
of your fingers and thumbs.
Your arms are feeling so heavy.
Your body's so comfortable.
Nothing whatsoever
to do but just
relax and enjoy this feeling
of total release now.
As you let go of all the
tension in those muscles,
you may experience them becoming
calmer and gently releasing.
And just tune into the
feeling of simply letting go.
As you become aware
of your breathing,
notice that you are now
breathing steadily and slowly,
rhythmically.
And with each exhale,
you feel yourself
just relaxing even
more deeply, allowing
any tension in the chest area
now to simply drain away,
letting go completely
and totally.
Bring awareness into
your stomach now.
And let all your
tummy muscles relax.
And as you do, I
want you to imagine
a ball of sunlight passing
down from the top of your head
down through your face, your
throat, and into your stomach.
Visualize this healing
energy passing down
through your throat and
chest and into your stomach.
So see and feel the sunlight
swirling and rotating.
And as the light glows, it
warms and soothes and heals.
And you release and
relax and drift down.
And further down.
And in your imagination,
you send the sunlight out
now to every nerve cell,
bone, muscle, fiber,
and system of the body.
See it flowing through
the bloodstream,
and leave the light there.
It knows what to do as
you take the relaxation
round into your back muscles.
And from your back muscles,
it relaxes those muscles
either side of the spine.
Releasing, relaxing,
and just letting
go now, deeper and deeper now.
As you relax your waist and the
muscles of your lower stomach,
and down into the
pelvic area, all
the way down through
the large thigh muscles,
down through your knees,
your shins, and your calves,
just to allow all those areas
of the body to relax and let go.
You're so relaxed, so
heavy, so comfortable.
And now, tune into that
comfortable feeling
as you think on down to
your ankles, into your feet,
right down to the very
tips of your toes.
All the muscles of your body
now so beautifully relaxed.
And you feel very heavy
and very comfortable.
And you're feeling centered and
relaxed and fully in control.
If there are any
areas of your body
that still feel
tight or tense, you
find that you can relax them
simply by giving yourself
permission to do so.
And you can now go even deeper
as I count down from 8 to 0.
And with every number, you
feel yourself drifting further
into blissful relaxation.
So 8.
7, 6, 5, deeper now,
4, 3, 2, 1, and 0.
Deeply relaxed, letting go of
all the cares and worries, all
the tension and pressure
and stresses and strains.
Let them all ease from your
body and ease from your mind.
And allow yourself to drift down
into a deeper and more blissful
state of creative relaxation.
Now, in your
imagination, I'd like
you to imagine that
you're standing
on the top of a hill
on a beautiful island.
And it's a lovely,
warm, summer's day.
There's a clear blue sky.
Not a cloud in sight.
And the temperature is
just how you like it.
You can feel the gentle
warmth of the sun on your head
and shoulders.
And you can hear
the sounds of nature
all around you, making you
feel even more relaxed.
The long grass in the
meadow below sways slightly,
and you can see a
winding path that
disappears into a
small apple orchard,
just at the bottom of the hill.
And just beyond the
orchard, you can
see the sea, the
sunlight darting off
the tops of the waves,
and the whole ocean
shimmering and sparkling.
You begin to move easily
down the path now,
noticing the grass
springing under your feet,
pushing you encouragingly
towards your destination.
And you catch the faint smell
of sea air in the breeze
as you get closer to the
ocean now, as you stroll down,
down the winding path and
you move smoothly and easily.
And you feel relaxed and
centered and fully in control.
And you're becoming aware now
of a growing calm within you.
You stop to look at the
beautiful flowers growing
each side of the path, their
colors so vivid and bright.
And you stand there for a
moment, taking in the view.
A feeling of happiness flows
through you, continuing down.
You're aware now of a deep sense
of calmness and tranquility,
right from the top of your
head to the tips of your toes,
renewing your energy,
feeling wonderful.
As you walk, you find
yourself almost floating,
as though in a dream world,
down towards the orchard.
You move with such ease,
with no effort whatsoever.
And in no time,
you find yourself
drifting through
the fruit trees,
with a lush, cool, green foliage
forming a canopy overhead.
And you see the
sunlight glittering
through the branches.
And as you stand there, you
feel a glittering sunlight
on your face and neck.
And you feel and
experience it vibrating
throughout your entire
body-mind system.
And as the sunlight moves, it
glows and warms and soothes
and heals your body and mind.
And you release and relax
and move down and down,
taking in another deep breath,
relaxing even more now.
You can hear the
sound of the ocean
as you move nearer and nearer.
And with every
step you take, you
feel more relaxed
and more calm as you
follow that winding path
that leads you downwards.
You turn a corner
and to your delight,
you find yourself on a
beautiful deserted beach.
The beach sweeping away into
a small bay in front of you.
And the ocean is a striking
turquoise blue, pure and clear.
And you can feel the warm
sand underneath your shoes.
And you take your
shoes off and you
start walking lazily across
the beach to the water's edge.
You feel the sand
beneath your feet,
and you feel the
sand change from cool
to moist beneath your feet as
you wander along the shoreline.
As you turn around,
you start to walk up
the beach towards
a grassy mound.
And as you walk up slowly, you
take in the smell of the ocean.
And you hear the
sounds of the water
hissing over the warm sound.
You reach the mound
now and you sit down,
making yourself comfortable.
And as you gaze out across
the breathtaking scene,
you watch the waves roll
in and roll out again,
rhythmically in and out again.
You play with the sand
through your fingers,
noticing just how good you feel.
So relaxed now, so relaxed
that you've opened up
your subconscious
mind and you're
ready to start making those
changes you've been wanting
to make once and for all.
And you know that rarely do
brilliant ideas appear out
of the blue.
They take time, consideration,
and more than a little effort
to develop.
But you don't have to
be a creative genius
to come up with them.
You just need to train
yourself to think creatively.
And ultimately, creativity is
just about connecting things.
And the more things we
have to connect with,
the better our
ideas will become.
This means the quality and
quantity of things we consume
is a crucial factor
in our ability
to come up with a good idea.
So you start to
pay more attention
to the books, TV shows,
articles, and movies
you consume, the people
you interact with,
the places you visit, and
the experiences that you have
that you know will influence
the ideas that you generate.
You have a new
curiosity and thirst
to consume yourself with
knowledge and information
to help fuel your creativity
and to come up with new ideas.
And ideas come to us when they
want to, not necessarily when
we want them to.
And that's why you start
to recognize ideas that
pop into your head and
constantly come to you,
so you can now get in the habit
of acknowledging and capturing
them.
Maybe quickly writing
them down, making a note
so you don't forget them.
And when you have
these ideas, you
feel confident in
talking about them,
speaking your ideas out loud,
expressing them to people
in your team or in a meeting.
You know their feedback will
help us clarify the idea
and help to see it in a new way.
You start to ask more questions,
listening to people's answers,
as this help leads to new ideas,
giving you different angles
and layers to build upon.
You know that the
most valuable ideas
are ones that solve
problems for people,
so you start to think about
what the real issue at hand is.
What's the desired
outcome needed?
And what would help the
situation and lead to success?
Your newfound creativity is
giving you a competitive edge,
increasing your confidence
and self-belief.
And you find yourself being
able to think your way out
of the particular situations,
brainstorm ideas easily, pay
careful attention to everything,
ask open questions, which
help to fuel your creativity.
And you enjoy working
in a team, recognizing
that you can achieve much more
when you're working together
than you can on your own.
And you know that
collaboration is widely
known as a key
driver of creativity,
so you look to bring
people together
in ways to leverage everyone's
best thinking, bringing
diverse groups of
people in a room
to cooperate, observe, make
connections, and share ideas.
And as your creative
intelligence grows,
so will your impact,
satisfaction, and confidence.
You find new ideas
all the time and are
more comfortable
exploring new things.
And as you continue
to relax, you just
let yourself sense
and feel as you
tune into the emotional
side of your mind,
knowing that your mind
contains the corridors leading
to your innermost creativity.
You use your
intuition day by day.
And as you do so, you find your
creativity bursting forward,
ideas flowing, abundantly
reaching your potential as you
tune into your inner self.
Your creativity
and confidence are
showing themselves more and more
in almost everything you do.
You sense inspiration and
listen to your senses.
And you use them
creatively and sensibly.
And sometimes, the results
surprise and delight you.
At other times, you
may be totally amazed
at what you've accomplished.
And your creative ability is
now increasing day by day,
growing stronger by the
day, stronger by the hour,
stronger by the minute.
And these hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind
and will become more
and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from 1 to 5
to awaken you.
And at the count of 5, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling
fantastic, bringing back
with you all the
wonderful new feelings.
So coming back now.
1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
Eyes open when you're ready.